Expanding on search api query parameters (#10979)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/search-apis/search.md

All parameters are optional.

> Many of the parameters apply only when you use the URL `q=` parameter or a `query_string` query, see [Query string query]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/query-dsl/full-text/query-string/) for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of the parameters apply only when you use the URL `q=` parameter or a `query_string` query. See [Query string query]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/query-dsl/full-text/query-string/) for more information.
```

`search_type` | String | Whether OpenSearch should use global term and document frequencies when calculating relevance scores. Valid values are `query_then_fetch` and `dfs_query_then_fetch`. `query_then_fetch` scores documents using local term and document frequencies for the shard. It's usually faster but less accurate. `dfs_query_then_fetch` scores documents using global term and document frequencies across all shards. It's usually slower but more accurate. Default is `query_then_fetch`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?search_type=dfs_query_then_fetch`. |
`seq_no_primary_term` | Boolean | Whether to return the sequence number and primary term of the last operation of each document hit. Example: `GET test-index/_search?seq_no_primary_term=true&size=1&q=title:test`. |
`size` | Integer | The number of results to include in the response. Example: `GET test-index/_search?size=3`. |
`sort` | List | A comma-separated list of `<field> : <direction>` pairs to sort by. Use `track_scores=true` if you want scores when sorting by a non-score field. Example: `GET test-index/_search?sort=views:desc&track_scores=true&size=3`. |

> `_source` | String or Boolean | Controls the `_source` field provided in the response. Valid values are `true` (return the document source), `false` (do not return the document source) and `<string>` (the field or fields in the source to return provided as a list or wildcard pattern). Examples: `GET test-index/_search?_source=false&size=1`, `GET test-index/_search?_source=titl*&size=1`, `GET test-index/_search?_source=title,description&size=1`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_source` | String or Boolean | Controls the `_source` field provided in the response. Valid values are `true` (return the document source), `false` (do not return the document source) and `<string>` (the field or fields in the source to return, provided as a list or wildcard pattern). Examples: `GET test-index/_search?_source=false&size=1`, `GET test-index/_search?_source=titl*&size=1`, `GET test-index/_search?_source=title,description&size=1`. |
```

Parameter | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---

> allow_no_indices | Boolean | Whether to ignore wildcards that don’t match any indexes. Default is `true`. Example: `GET test-index-*/_search?allow_no_indices=true&size=0` |

Author: @sgup432 Thank you for the review, that's been removed now

allow_partial_search_results | Boolean | Whether to return partial results if the request runs into an error or times out. Default is `true`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?allow_partial_search_results=false` |

> analyzer | String | The analyzer to use in the query string. Requires `q=` or a `query_string` body. Example: `GET test-index/_search?q=title:test&analyzer=standard` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
analyzer | String | The analyzer to use in the query string. Requires `q=` or a `query_string` body. Example: `GET test-index/_search?q=title:test&analyzer=standard`. |
```

> analyze_wildcard | Boolean | Whether the update operation should include wildcard and prefix queries in the analysis. Default is `false`. Requires `q=`  or `query_string`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?q=title:te*&analyze_wildcard=true` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
analyze_wildcard | Boolean | Whether the update operation should include wildcard and prefix queries in the analysis. Default is `false`. Requires `q=`  or `query_string`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?q=title:te*&analyze_wildcard=true`. |
```

> batched_reduce_size | Integer | How many shard results to reduce on a node. Default is `512`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?batched_reduce_size=2` |

Reviewer 2: This refers to the coordinating node, correct? "To reduce" is a bit unclear. Maybe:
```suggestion
batched_reduce_size | Integer | The number of shard results to combine into one batch on the coordinating node before returning the final search results. Limits the number of shard results processed together, helping reduce memory usage when a search request spans many shards. Default is `512`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?batched_reduce_size=2`. |
```

> cancel_after_time_interval | Time | The time after which the search request will be canceled. Request-level parameter takes precedence over cancel_after_time_interval [cluster setting]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-settings/). Default is `-1`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?cancel_after_time_interval=10ms` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cancel_after_time_interval | Time | The time after which the search request will be canceled. Request-level parameter takes precedence over the `cancel_after_time_interval` [cluster setting]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-settings/). Default is `-1`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?cancel_after_time_interval=10ms`. |
```

ccs_minimize_roundtrips | Boolean | Whether to minimize round trips between a node and remote clusters. Default is `true`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?ccs_minimize_roundtrips=true` |
default_operator | String | Indicates whether the default operator for a string query should be `AND` or `OR`. Default is `OR`. Requires `q=` or `query_string`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?q=title:test one&default_operator=AND` |
df | String | The default field in case a field prefix is not provided in the query string. Requires `q=`  or `query_string`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?q=test&df=title` |
docvalue_fields | String | The fields that OpenSearch should return using their `docvalue` forms. Example: `GET test-index/_search?docvalue_fields=ts,views` |

> expand_wildcards | String | Specifies the type of index that wildcard expressions can match. Supports comma-separated values. Valid values are all (match any index), open (match open, non-hidden indexes), closed (match closed, non-hidden indexes), hidden (match hidden indexes), and none (deny wildcard expressions). Default is open. Example: `GET test-index-*/_search?expand_wildcards=open` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
expand_wildcards | String | Specifies the type of index that wildcard expressions can match. Supports comma-separated values. <br> Valid values are: <br> - `all`: Match any index, including hidden ones. <br> - `closed`: Match closed, non-hidden indexes. <br> - `hidden`: Match hidden indexes. Must be combined with `open`, `closed`, or both. <br> - `none`: Wildcard expressions are not accepted. <br> - `open`: Match open, non-hidden indexes. <br> Default is `open`. Example: `GET test-index-*/_search?expand_wildcards=open`. |
```

> explain | Boolean | Whether to return details about how OpenSearch computed the document’s score. Default is `false`. Requires `hits` to see details. Example: `GET test-index/_search?explain=true&size=1&q=title:test` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
explain | Boolean | If `true`, returns details about how OpenSearch computed each document's relevance score. Default is `false`. Only applies when `hits` are included in the search response. Example: `GET test-index/_search?explain=true&size=1&q=title:test`. |
```

from | Integer | The starting index to search from. Default is `0`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?from=5&size=5` |
ignore_throttled | Boolean | Whether to ignore concrete, expanded, or indexes with aliases if indexes are frozen. Default is `true`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?ignore_throttled=true` |
ignore_unavailable | Boolean | Specifies whether to include missing or closed indexes in the response and ignores unavailable shards during the search request. Default is `false`. Example: `GET test-index-*/_search?ignore_unavailable=true` |

> include_named_queries_score | Boolean | Whether to return scores with named queries. Default is `false`. Requires queries named with `_name`. Example: `POST test-index/_search?include_named_queries_score=true {"size":1,"query":{"match":{"title":{"query":"test","_name":"q1"}}}}` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
include_named_queries_score | Boolean | Whether to return score contributions from named queries (queries with `_name`) for each hit. Default is `false`. Requires queries named with `_name`. Example: `POST test-index/_search?include_named_queries_score=true {"size":1,"query":{"match":{"title":{"query":"test","_name":"q1"}}}}`. |
```

lenient | Boolean | Specifies whether OpenSearch should accept requests if queries have format errors (for example, querying a text field for an integer). Default is `false`. Requires `q=`  or `query_string`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?q=views:abc&lenient=true` |
max_concurrent_shard_requests | Integer | How many concurrent shard requests this request should execute on each node. Default is `5`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?max_concurrent_shard_requests=2` |

> phase_took | Boolean | Whether to return phase-level `took` time values in the response. Default is `false`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?phase_took=true` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
phase_took | Boolean | Whether to return phase-level `took` time values in the response. Default is `false`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?phase_took=true`. |
```

routing | String | Value used to route the update by query operation to a specific shard. Example: `GET test-index/_search?routing=user-42` |
scroll | Time | How long to keep the search context open. Requires `size` greater than `0` and a follow-up `_search/scroll`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?scroll=1m&size=2` |
search_type | String | Whether OpenSearch should use global term and document frequencies when calculating relevance scores. Valid choices are `query_then_fetch` and `dfs_query_then_fetch`. `query_then_fetch` scores documents using local term and document frequencies for the shard. It’s usually faster but less accurate. `dfs_query_then_fetch` scores documents using global term and document frequencies across all shards. It’s usually slower but more accurate. Default is `query_then_fetch`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?search_type=dfs_query_then_fetch` |
seq_no_primary_term | Boolean | Whether to return sequence number and primary term of the last operation of each document hit. Example: `GET test-index/_search?seq_no_primary_term=true&size=1&q=title:test` |
size | Integer | How many results to include in the response. Example: `GET test-index/_search?size=3` |

> sort | List | A comma-separated list of <field> : <direction> pairs to sort by. Use `track_scores=true` if you want scores when sorting by a non-score field. Example: `GET test-index/_search?sort=views:desc&track_scores=true&size=3` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sort | List | A comma-separated list of `<field> : <direction>` pairs to sort by. Use `track_scores=true` if you want scores when sorting by a non-score field. Example: `GET test-index/_search?sort=views:desc&track_scores=true&size=3`. |
```

_source | String | Whether to include the `_source` field in the response. Example: `GET test-index/_search?_source=false&size=1` |
_source_excludes | List | A comma-separated list of source fields to exclude from the response. Example: `GET test-index/_search?_source_excludes=title&size=1` |

> _source_includes | List | A comma-separated list of source fields to include in the response. Example: `GET test-index/_search?_source_includes=title&size=1` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_source_includes | List | A comma-separated list of source fields to include in the response. If the `_source` parameter is `false`, this parameter is ignored. Example: `GET test-index/_search?_source_includes=title&size=1`. |
```

stats | String | Value to associate with the request for additional logging. Example: `GET test-index/_search?stats=doc` |
stored_fields | List | Whether the get operation should retrieve fields stored in the index. Default is `false`. Example: `GET test-index-stored/_search?stored_fields=note&size=1` |

> terminate_after | Integer | The maximum number of matching documents (hits) OpenSearch should process before terminating the request. Default is `0`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?terminate_after=1&size=10` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
terminate_after | Integer | The maximum number of matching documents (hits) OpenSearch should process before terminating the request. Default is `0` (no maximum). Example: `GET test-index/_search?terminate_after=1&size=10`. |
```

timeout | Time | How long the operation should wait for a response from active shards. Default is 1m. Default is `1m`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?timeout=10ms` |
track_scores | Boolean | Whether to return document scores. Default is `false`. Use with `sort`. Example: `GET test-index/_search?sort=views:desc&track_scores=true&size=3` |

> track_total_hits | Boolean or Integer | Whether to return how many documents matched the query. Example: `GET test-index/_search?track_total_hits=2` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
track_total_hits | Boolean or Integer | Whether to return the total number of documents that matched the query. Example: `GET test-index/_search?track_total_hits=2`. |
```

explain | String | Whether to return details about how OpenSearch computed the document's score. Default is `false`.
from | Integer | The starting index to search from. Default is 0.
include_named_queries_score | Boolean | Whether to return scores for named queries.
indices_boost | Array of objects | The values used to boost the score of specified indexes. Specify in the format of &lt;index&gt; : &lt;boost-multiplier&gt;
min_score | Integer | Specify a score threshold to return only documents above the threshold.
query | Object | The [DSL query]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/query-dsl/index/) to use in the request.
seq_no_primary_term | Boolean | Whether to return sequence number and primary term of the last operation of each document hit.
size | Integer | How many results to return. Default is 10.
_source | | Whether to include the `_source` field in the response.
stats | String | Value to associate with the request for additional logging.
suggest_field | String | The field used for suggestions. Use with `suggest_text` and optionally `suggest_mode`, `suggest_size`. |

> suggest_mode | String | The mode to use when searching. Available options are always (use suggestions based on the provided terms), popular (use suggestions that have more occurrences), and missing (use suggestions for terms not in the index). Requires `suggest_field` and `suggest_text`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
suggest_mode | String | The mode to use when searching. Valid values are `always` (provide suggestions based on the terms in `suggest_text`), `popular` (provide suggestions occurring in more documents on the shard than the search term), and `missing` (provide suggestions for terms not in the shard). Requires `suggest_field` and `suggest_text`. |
```
